---
page_title: "github_repository Data Source - GitHub"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about a GitHub repository.
---

# github_repository (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a GitHub repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "github_repository" "example" {
  owner = "craigsloggett"
  name  = "terraform-provider-github"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the repository.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the repository.

### Read-Only

- `allow_auto_merge` (Boolean) Indicates if auto-merging is allowed in the repository.
- `allow_forking` (Boolean) Indicates if forking is allowed for the repository.
- `allow_merge_commit` (Boolean) Indicates if merge commits are allowed in the repository.
- `allow_rebase_merge` (Boolean) Indicates if rebase merging is allowed in the repository.
- `allow_squash_merge` (Boolean) Indicates if squash merging is allowed in the repository.
- `allow_update_branch` (Boolean) Indicates if updating a pull request head branch is allowed.
- `archive_url` (String) The archive URL of the repository.
- `archived` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is archived.
- `assignees_url` (String) The assignees URL of the repository.
- `auto_init` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is initialized with a README.
- `blobs_url` (String) The blobs URL of the repository.
- `branches_url` (String) The branches URL of the repository.
- `clone_url` (String) The URL used for cloning the repository.
- `collaborators_url` (String) The collaborators URL of the repository.
- `comments_url` (String) The comments URL of the repository.
- `commits_url` (String) The commits URL of the repository.
- `compare_url` (String) The compare URL of the repository.
- `contents_url` (String) The contents URL of the repository.
- `contributors_url` (String) The contributors URL of the repository.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the repository was created on GitHub.
- `default_branch` (String) The repository's default branch.
- `delete_branch_on_merge` (Boolean) Indicates if branches are automatically deleted when pull requests are merged.
- `deployments_url` (String) The deployments URL of the repository.
- `description` (String) The description of the repository.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is disabled.
- `downloads_url` (String) The downloads URL of the repository.
- `events_url` (String) The events URL of the repository.
- `fork` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is a fork.
- `forks_count` (Number) The number of forks of the repository.
- `forks_url` (String) The forks URL of the repository.
- `full_name` (String) The full name of the repository.
- `git_commits_url` (String) The Git commits URL of the repository.
- `git_refs_url` (String) The Git references URL of the repository.
- `git_tags_url` (String) The Git tags URL of the repository.
- `git_url` (String) The git URL of the repository.
- `gitignore_template` (String) The .gitignore template used by the repository.
- `has_discussions` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has discussions enabled.
- `has_downloads` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has downloads enabled.
- `has_issues` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has issues enabled.
- `has_pages` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has GitHub Pages enabled.
- `has_projects` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has projects enabled.
- `has_wiki` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has wiki enabled.
- `homepage` (String) The homepage of the repository.
- `hooks_url` (String) The hooks URL of the repository.
- `html_url` (String) The HTML URL of the repository.
- `id` (Number) GitHub ID for the repository.
- `is_template` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is a template repository.
- `issue_comment_url` (String) The issue comment URL of the repository.
- `issue_events_url` (String) The issue events URL of the repository.
- `issues_url` (String) The issues URL of the repository.
- `keys_url` (String) The keys URL of the repository.
- `labels_url` (String) The labels URL of the repository.
- `language` (String) The primary language of the repository.
- `languages_url` (String) The languages URL of the repository.
- `license_template` (String) The license template used by the repository.
- `master_branch` (String) The repository's master branch.
- `merge_commit_message` (String) The message of merge commits for pull requests.
- `merge_commit_title` (String) The title of merge commits for pull requests.
- `merges_url` (String) The merges URL of the repository.
- `milestones_url` (String) The milestones URL of the repository.
- `mirror_url` (String) The mirror URL of the repository.
- `network_count` (Number) The number of repositories in the network.
- `node_id` (String) The node ID of the repository.
- `notifications_url` (String) The notifications URL of the repository.
- `open_issues_count` (Number) The number of open issues in the repository.
- `organization` (Attributes) Details of the organization the repository is a part of. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--organization))
- `parent` (Attributes) Details of the parent repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent))
- `permissions` (Attributes) A map of permissions for the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `private` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is private.
- `pulls_url` (String) The pull requests URL of the repository.
- `pushed_at` (String) The timestamp of the last push to the repository.
- `releases_url` (String) The releases URL of the repository.
- `security_and_analysis` (Attributes) Advanced security and secret scanning options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_and_analysis))
- `size` (Number) The size of the repository, in kilobytes.
- `source` (Attributes) Details of the source repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `squash_merge_commit_message` (String) The message of squash merge commits for pull requests.
- `squash_merge_commit_title` (String) The title of squash merge commits for pull requests.
- `ssh_url` (String) The SSH URL of the repository.
- `stargazers_count` (Number) The number of users who have starred the repository.
- `stargazers_url` (String) The stargazers URL of the repository.
- `statuses_url` (String) The statuses URL of the repository.
- `subscribers_count` (Number) The number of users subscribed to the repository.
- `subscribers_url` (String) The subscribers URL of the repository.
- `subscription_url` (String) The subscription URL of the repository.
- `svn_url` (String) The SVN URL of the repository.
- `tags_url` (String) The tags URL of the repository.
- `team_id` (Number) The ID of the team associated with the repository.
- `teams_url` (String) The teams URL of the repository.
- `template_repository` (Attributes) Details of the template repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_repository))
- `topics` (List of String) The list of topics associated with the repository.
- `trees_url` (String) The trees URL of the repository.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the repository was last updated.
- `url` (String) The URL of the repository.
- `visibility` (String) The visibility of the repository (public or private).
- `web_commit_signoff_required` (Boolean) Indicates if commit signoff is required for web-based commits.

<a id="nestedatt--organization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `organization`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the organization the repository is a part of.


<a id="nestedatt--parent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent`

Read-Only:

- `full_name` (String) The full name of the parent repository.
- `name` (String) The name of the parent repository.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the parent repository.


<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Read-Only:

- `admin` (Boolean) Has Admin permissions.
- `maintain` (Boolean) Has Maintain permissions.
- `pull` (Boolean) Has Pull permissions.
- `push` (Boolean) Has Push permissions.
- `triage` (Boolean) Has Triage permissions.


<a id="nestedatt--security_and_analysis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis`

Read-Only:

- `advanced_security` (Attributes) Advanced security on the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_and_analysis--advanced_security))
- `dependabot_security_updates` (Attributes) Dependabot security updates on the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_and_analysis--dependabot_security_updates))
- `secret_scanning` (Attributes) Secret scanning on the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning))
- `secret_scanning_push_protection` (Attributes) Secret scanning push protection on the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning_push_protection))
- `secret_scanning_validity_checks` (Attributes) Secret scanning validity checks on the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning_validity_checks))

<a id="nestedatt--security_and_analysis--advanced_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis.advanced_security`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The state of advanced security on the repository.


<a id="nestedatt--security_and_analysis--dependabot_security_updates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis.dependabot_security_updates`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The state of dependabot security updates on the repository.


<a id="nestedatt--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis.secret_scanning`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The state of secret scanning on the repository.


<a id="nestedatt--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning_push_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis.secret_scanning_push_protection`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The state of secret scanning push protection on the repository.


<a id="nestedatt--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning_validity_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis.secret_scanning_validity_checks`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The state of secret scanning validity checks on the repository.



<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Read-Only:

- `full_name` (String) The full name of the source repository.
- `name` (String) The name of the source repository.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the source repository.


<a id="nestedatt--template_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_repository`

Read-Only:

- `full_name` (String) The full name of the template repository.
- `name` (String) The name of the template repository.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the template repository.


