---
page_title: "github_repository Resource - GitHub"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to create and manage repositories within your GitHub organization or personal account.
---

# github_repository (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage repositories within your GitHub organization or personal account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "example" {
  name = "testing-repository"

  allow_auto_merge            = true
  allow_merge_commit          = true
  allow_rebase_merge          = false
  allow_squash_merge          = true
  auto_init                   = true
  delete_branch_on_merge      = true
  description                 = "This is a description."
  gitignore_template          = "Terraform"
  has_discussions             = true
  has_issues                  = true
  has_projects                = true
  has_wiki                    = true
  homepage                    = "https://github.com"
  is_template                 = true
  license_template            = "mpl-2.0"
  merge_commit_message        = "PR_BODY"
  merge_commit_title          = "PR_TITLE"
  private                     = true
  squash_merge_commit_message = "COMMIT_MESSAGES"
  squash_merge_commit_title   = "PR_TITLE"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the repository.

### Optional

- `allow_auto_merge` (Boolean) Indicates if auto-merging is allowed in the repository.
- `allow_merge_commit` (Boolean) Indicates if merge commits are allowed in the repository.
- `allow_rebase_merge` (Boolean) Indicates if rebase merging is allowed in the repository.
- `allow_squash_merge` (Boolean) Indicates if squash merging is allowed in the repository.
- `auto_init` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is initialized with a README.
- `delete_branch_on_merge` (Boolean) Indicates if branches are automatically deleted when pull requests are merged.
- `description` (String) The description of the repository.
- `gitignore_template` (String) The .gitignore template used by the repository.
- `has_discussions` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has discussions enabled.
- `has_issues` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has issues enabled.
- `has_projects` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has projects enabled.
- `has_wiki` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository has wiki enabled.
- `homepage` (String) The homepage of the repository.
- `is_template` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is a template repository.
- `license_template` (String) The license template used by the repository.
- `merge_commit_message` (String) The default value for a merge commit message.

	`PR_BODY` defaults to the pull request's body.

	`PR_TITLE` defaults to the pull request's body.

	`BLANK` defaults to a blank commit message.

	Can be one of: `PR_BODY`, `PR_TITLE`, `BLANK`
- `merge_commit_title` (String) The default value for a merge commit title. `PR_TITLE` defaults to the pull request's title, while `MERGE_MESSAGE` defaults to the classic title for a merge message (e.g., Merge pull request #123 from branch-name). Can be one of: `PR_TITLE`, `MERGE_MESSAGE`.
- `private` (Boolean) Indicates if the repository is private.
- `squash_merge_commit_message` (String) The default value for a squash merge commit message. `PR_BODY` defaults to the pull request's body, `COMMIT_MESSAGES` defaults to the branch's commit messages, and `BLANK` defaults to a blank commit message. Can be one of: `PR_BODY`, `COMMIT_MESSAGES`, `BLANK`.
- `squash_merge_commit_title` (String) The default value for a squash merge commit title. `PR_TITLE` defaults to the pull request's title, while `COMMIT_OR_PR_TITLE` defaults to the commit's title (if only one commit) or the pull request's title (when more than one commit). Can be one of: `PR_TITLE`, `COMMIT_OR_PR_TITLE`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) GitHub ID for the repository.
- `node_id` (String) The node ID of the repository.

## Import

```shell
# Repositories can be imported using the numerical
# GitHub ID of the repository.
terraform import github_repository.test 123456789
```
